fix(ifr): introducing interoperability (#3295)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/managed-inference/quickstart.mdx

Here are some of the key features of Scaleway Managed Inference:

* **Easy deployment**: Deploy state-of-the-art open weights LLMs with just a few clicks. Scaleway Managed Inference provides a simple and intuitive interface for generating dedicated endpoints.

> * **Security**: Scaleway provides [a secure environment](/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/) for running your models. Our platform is built on top of a secure architecture, and we use state-of-the-art cloud security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Security**: Scaleway provides [a secure environment](/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/) to run your models. Our platform is built on top of a secure architecture, and we use state-of-the-art cloud security.
```

> * **Security**: Scaleway provides [a secure environment](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/) for running your models. Our platform is built on top of a secure architecture, and we use state-of-the-art cloud security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Security**: Scaleway provides [a secure environment](/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/) for running your models. Our platform is built on top of a secure architecture, and we use state-of-the-art cloud security.
```

> * **Complete data privacy**: [No storage](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/#data-storage-policies) or third-party access to your data (prompt or responses), to ensure it remains exclusively yours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Complete data privacy**: [No storage](/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/#data-storage-policies) or third-party access to your data (prompt or responses), to ensure it remains exclusively yours.
```

> * **Complete data privacy**: [No storage](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/#data-storage-policies) or third-party access to your data (prompt or responses), to ensure it remains exclusively yours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Complete data privacy**: [No storage](/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/data-privacy-security-scaleway-ai-services/#data-storage-policies) or third-party access to your data (prompt or responses), to ensure it remains exclusively yours.
```

> * **Interoperability**: Scaleway Managed Inference was designed as a drop-in [replacement for the OpenAI APIs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility/), for a seamless transition on your applications already using its libraries. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Interoperability**: Scaleway Managed Inference was designed as a drop-in [replacement for the OpenAI APIs](/ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility/), for a seamless transition on your applications already using its libraries. 
```
